MouseWorld Security
===================
This Machine learning module, collect information from standar netflow_v9 from network traffic and apply a different algorithms to detect anomalies in traffic patterns.

Prerequisites
------------
Following python2.7 libraries are requeried:

- numpy
- pandas
- sklearn
- matplotlib
- sys
- getopt


Dataset
-------
Synthetic netflow traffic has been used to train and parametrize the algorithm.
Mouseworld lab generates flows > 500K to apply in this algorithm.

Execution
---------
In order to execute the code, just leave a dataset file in csv format into the same directory and run:

The code is divided into:

- security_train.py : Part train. Execution:
			- i : Name of dataset
			- o : Name of exported training model.
			Example: python ./security_train.py -i dataset_test.csv -o model_train.plk
			
- security_test.py : Part test. Execution:
			- i : Name of dataset
			- m : Name of exported training model used.
			- a : Name of the text file with the anomalous ips.
			- d : Name of the text file with the range of anomalous dates.
			Example: python ./security_test.py -i dataset_test.csv -m model_train.plk -a ips.txt -d dates.txt
			
- functions.py: Different functions to apply to the dataset.

- transformers.py : Different custom transformers to apply in pipelines.

- security_cut.py : Operations on the size of the dataset. Execution:
			- i : Name of dataset
			- o : Name of dataset exported.
			Example: python ./security_train.py -i dataset_test.csv -o dataset_test2.py

The processed dataset with the different techniques is stored in a file called "dat_processed.csv".
The anomaly identification results is stored in a new file called "results.csv", also a standard output is produced. 

